Okay, Work with someone. Spots someone assess a model who is willing to
change versus those that will not change. Learned that by conducting
your day in, day out watches. You know your mission. Your ship Is
there somewhere you were only gonna figure that out, interacting with
people in your watch and know. And it is important to know that there
are personnel that, you know, they grew up on the analog took off
and now also you want to go digital Were uncomfortable making the
trade. It's up to you, leader to say Okay, you guys do it. Just say
what I want you, you, your house. It's a work with you to figure out
that bounce you and it just sounds more people Good changes Change
followed us said changes his change. Some people unstoppable change
and there are others that are not help. Everyone deals with change.
That's what I do understand your mission. That won't be long. Hey,
by the way, we're bringing in a new riverboat. Next. You know that riverboat
is nothing like the old partners that we had and it has new
engine for people that are trained on that. You didn't do it and I
was awful for the mission